## Description

This ros2 package generates a node "robot_2w_control_node" that transforms the target position (x,y)
into commanded Twist velocities (/cmd_vel) for the differential drive, see Figure 5 from the assignment document.

This cmd_vel should include linear velocity in the x axis, and angular velocity in the z axis relative to the robot's frame. To compute the cmd_vel, we need to get the target position and the current robot pose (odom). The pose error should be calculated using these target position and robot pose relative to the robot's frame. In other words, this node transforms poses into robot velocities, which are needed by the robot's differential drive to compute the wheel velocities (left, right) and move the robot.

The node provides the following publishers and subscribers:

*Subscribers*:
    **/odom**: nav_msgs/msg/Odometry. This topic is generated by the robot's differential drive (gazebo plugin) 
    **/path_generator/trajectory**: geometry_msgs/msg/Point. This topic is generated by the path_generator node 
*Publishers*:
    **/cmd_vel**: geometry_msgs/msg/Twist. This topic is the reference to the differential drive
    **/robot_2w_control/pose**: geometry_msgs/msg/Point. This topic provides the current robot's pose (for debugging)
    **/robot_2w_control/pose_error**: geometry_msgs/msg/Point. This topic provides the tracking error (for gain tunning)


## Modify this file with your solutions from A04

**robot_2w_ctrl/configs/robot_2w_ctrl.yaml**: 

- tune the control gains: ctrl_gains
- For debugging the variable *publish_pose_error* is 'False'. You can change it to
'True' to publish and print the tracking errors. 


**robot_2w_ctrl/src/Robot2wCtrl.cpp**: 

- Remember to include your solutions from A04 which are highlithed with the keyword **TODO:** (without a number) inside this file.



## How 2 run

### Terminal 1 main launch file 

This launch file will run: Gazebo, Robot State Publisher, Camera node, Rviz, Path Generator node, Robot Control node.

```
cd path_to_ws/
source install/setup.bash
ros2 launch robot_2w_ctrl robot_2w_ctrl_gazebo_launch.py
```

### Terminal 2 Path Client

The path_client node should request a path from the camera node and transform the path from camera frame to odom frame. This transformed path should be used to request a path and a trajectory to the path generator node. The target trajectory is published and the robot control node will receive the target trajectory using a subscriber. 

```
cd path_to_ws/
source install/setup.bash
ros2 run robot_2w_path_generator path_client_from_cam
```


